---
description: Overview of machine learning Models in Gradient
---

# About

Gradient Models can be created in two ways: they can be 1\) generated by running machine learning Experiments \("_Generated Model_"\), or 2\) imported into Gradient by uploading them directly from the GUI or CLI \("_Uploaded Model_"\).

Gradient has a repository of Models per team, as well as a Public Models repository. If you want a Generated Model to appear in your team's Model Repository, be sure to [use the appropriate **Model Path**](model-path.md#default-paths). Uploaded Models will automatically be placed in your team's Model Repository.

You can view your list of Models in your team's Model Repository in the GUI by navigating to **Models** in the side nav, or via the `gradient models list` subcommand via the CLI.

The Model Repository holds references to all Uploaded Models and any Generated Models that were generated with the appropriate Model Path; this includes model and checkpoint files generated during an Experiment's training period, as well as summary metrics associated with the model's performance, such as accuracy and loss.

**Currently Supported Models:**

* [TensorFlow 1.x](https://www.tensorflow.org/guide/saved_model)

**Future Supported Models:**

* ONNX \(Open Neural Network Exchange\) 
* Custom

### Model Parameters

To store Models in the Models list, add the following Model-specific parameters to the Experiment command when running an Experiment.

#### Model Type

`--modelType` defines the type of model that is being generated by the experiment. For example, `--modelType Tensorflow` will ensure that the model checkpoint files being generated are recognized as Tensorflow model files.

| Model Type Values | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| `"Tensorflow"` | Tensorflow compatible model outputs |
| `"ONNX"` | ONNX model outputs |
| `"Custom"` | Custom model type \(e.g., a simple flask server\) |

#### Model Path

`--modelPath` defines where in the context of an Experiment the Model checkpoint files will be stored. This is a key argument that enables the evaluation and persistence of the generated model files.

One option is to set `--modelPath "/artifacts"` and keep the checkpoint files around only in the context of its Experiment. Another option is to set `--modelPath "/storage/models"` to have permanent access to the model generated files in  your Paperspace storage.

**Enabling Support for Models with GradientCI**

You can also specify the model path and model type parameters when running experiments with GradientCI . See [GradientCI Models](https://docs.paperspace.com/gradient/projects/gradientci#models) for more info.

 

